chore: combine faq articles (#765)
mozilla/experimenter-docs: docs/faq/platform-specific.mdx

---
id: platform-specific-faq
title: Platform-Specific Questions
slug: /faq/platform-specific
sidebar_position: 6
---

Platform-specific questions for Desktop and Mobile experimentation.

---

## Desktop

> ### Can I run an experiment without updating FeatureManifest.yaml?

Reviewer: This question seems to be only talking about pref experiments:
```suggestion
### Can I run a pref experiment without updating FeatureManifest.yaml?
```
